Feed sync (#456)
greenbone/docs: src/feed-sync.md

### Verifying Successful Feed Sync Update
After the sync operation completes, you can verify the successful update of the feed data by visiting the `/feedstatus` page which can be found under the **Administration** item in the top menu bar of Greenbone's web-interface. If a feed has successfully updated you will see **Current** beside the particular feed and the **Version** column will indicate the date/time of the feed's release.

## Automating Feed Sync Updates

> The Greenbone feeds are not automatically synced for the Greenbone Community source code installations, Greenbone Community Docker containers, or Greenbone native Kali Linux installation. The suggested method for automating the Greenbone feed sync is to create a `crontab` file to schedule the feed sync command execution. For standard source-code installations, the `crontab` should be run under the `sudo` or `root` user context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Greenbone feeds are not automatically synced for the Greenbone Community source-code installations, Greenbone Community Docker containers, or Greenbone native Kali Linux installation. The suggested method for automating the Greenbone feed sync is to create a `crontab` file to schedule the feed sync command execution. For standard source-code installations, the `crontab` should be run under the `sudo` or `root` user context.
```

This service is hosted by Greenbone Networks - http://www.greenbone.net/

All transactions are logged.

If you have any questions, please use the Greenbone community portal.
See https://community.greenbone.net for details.

By using this service you agree to our terms and conditions.

Only one sync per time, otherwise the source ip will be temporarily blocked.

data-objects Greenbone community data objects, see https://community.greenbone.net/
nvt-feed Greenbone community NVT feed, see https://community.greenbone.net/
scap-data  Greenbone community SCAP data feed, see https://community.greenbone.net/
cert-data  Greenbone community CERT data feed, see https://community.greenbone.net/
community-legacy  Greenbone community legacy feed, see https://community.greenbone.net/
community  Greenbone community feed, see https://community.greenbone.net/
```
If you are unable to connect to the Greenbone feeds using the `rsync` command, we suggest you troubleshoot your network connection to identify any firewalls, content proxies, or network configurations that could be blocking the connection. Here are some suggested methods:

> ### Use nping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using nping
```

> The `nping` command is part of the `nmap` tool and is availble for Linux and Windows systems. It can be used to track a TCP connection on a specific port while `traceroute` cannot be configured to test a specific port. This will help identify port-based firewall rules as well as host/IP-based firewall rules that maybe blocking the `rsync` port `873`. Please note `nping --tcp` command requires `sudo` or root permissions. You can find more information at the [nping reference guide](https://nmap.org/book/nping-man.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `nping` command is part of the `nmap` tool and is availble for Linux and Windows systems. It can be used to track a TCP connection on a specific port while `traceroute` cannot be configured to test a specific port. This will help identify port-based firewall rules as well as host/IP-based firewall rules that may be blocking the `rsync` port `873`. Please note that the `nping --tcp` command requires `sudo` or root permissions. You can find more information in the [nping reference guide](https://nmap.org/book/nping-man.html).
```

```{code-block}
:caption: Using nping to test the connectivity of port 873
sudo nping --tcp --traceroute -c 13 -p 873 feed.community.greenbone.net
```

### Use tcptraceroute

> If you cannot install `nmap` on your host, you can use `tcptraceroute` on Linux/Unix based systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you cannot install `nmap` on your host, you can use `tcptraceroute` on Linux/Unix based systems.

```
